docs make kubernetes_ca_cert optional on kubernetes auth (#25963)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/auth/kubernetes.mdx

When the service account token expires or is revoked, Vault will no longer be
able to use the `TokenReview` API and client authentication will fail.

> #### Use the system's trust store for CA certificates
> 
> Omitting `kubernetes_ca_cert` and setting `disable_local_ca_jwt` to `true` will lead to Vault
> using the system's trust store for TLS certificate verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="You can use the trust store for CA certificates">

  If you leave `kubernetes_ca_cert` unset and set `disable_local_ca_jwt` to
  `true`, Vault uses the Kubernetes trust store for TLS certificate
  verification.

</Note>
```

Having a separate header doesn't really help with reader understanding. It seemed like this was mostly an FYI style note, so I used that formatting, but if that's not quite right, feel free to swap it for a Tip or Warning instead.

Author: Thank you. Will apply most of your suggestion locally.
